Add CZI Viz JD (#8)
arviz-devs/GSoD: CZI/viz_evaluation.md

# ArviZ Visual Refresh, Python API Assessment, and other advice
ArviZ is a Python and Julia libary for exploratory analysis of Bayesian models,

> and includes many [vizualizations](https://arviz-devs.github.io/arviz/examples/index.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and includes many [vizualizations](https://python.arviz.org/en/latest/examples/index.html)
```

to that end.

As with any open source package part of the challenge is maintaining an existing package.
As part of the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative funds have been set aside for this express purpose.

The scope of this work is to assess update visual style of the package (all components including docs)
and perform an assessment of the API (primary python), and offer any other advice 

## Job description
We are expecting a report covering the following points:

* Analysis of available visualizations across Python and Julia

  Evaluate and criticize current plots for visual style and effectiveness.

>   Critique the visual clarity of each

Reviewer: I would remove this as I think this overlaps with the GSoD report goals.

Author: Thats fine if it overlaps, one person can move the baton forward and whenever a GSOD person comes they can provide their critique too. That way we get a distribution of opinions

  In the course of performing this work, detailed issues tickets or reccomendations
  for challenges or improvements would aid the ArviZ team in elevating the suite of projects

## Job requirements
* Not being part of the ArviZ team
* A strong design sense
* Familiarity with open source and ability to navigate ArviZ issues and documentation

## Support from ArviZ devs
We will be available to help answer questions, review pull requests, and help as needed.
We may not be available on short notice, but will do our best to ensure no question goes unanswered

## Payment
The budget for this project is $1500 which will be paid through NumFOCUS
via [OpenCollective](https://opencollective.com/arviz), wire transfer or PayPal.

Don't hesitate to contact us if you have any doubts about the payment process.

## Contact
For any inquiries about this project, please reach out on [Gitter](https://gitter.im/arviz-devs/season_of_docs).
If a question requires privacy you can also use the email below.

## Applying for the job
Applicants who wish to be hired to write the report should send an email to `arviz.devs@gmail.com`
with the following information:

* CV or Resume
* Sample report

>   We ask you to choose one of [our plots](https://arviz-devs.github.io/arviz/api/plots.html) and write a sample report for it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  We ask you to choose one of [our plots](https://python.arviz.org/en/latest/api/plots.html) and write a sample report for it
```

# ArviZ Visual Refresh, Python API Assessment, and other advice
ArviZ is a Python and Julia library for exploratory analysis of Bayesian models,
and includes many [vizualizations](https://python.arviz.org/en/latest/examples/index.html)
to that end.

As with any open source package part of the challenge is maintaining an existing package.
As part of the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative funds have been set aside for this express purpose.

The scope of this work is to assess update visual style of the package (all components including docs)
and perform an assessment of the API (primary python), and offer any other advice

## Job description
We are expecting a report covering the following points (sorted in descending priority):

1. Provide a design guide

>    This ideally would be in the form of a README.md style guide with explanation and references,

Author: Thanks Oriol!

   with focus around ArviZ usecases and bad practices we might be using now.
   A matplotlib, Bokeh, or other style template could also be included as complementary material

1. Critique of the Python or Julia API

   This role will require you to get hands on with code.
   During this process documenting the improvements that could be made to the API and
   code workflow itself is expected, updates to the code are not a priority.

1. Analysis of available visualizations across Python and Julia

   Evaluate and criticize current plots for visual style and effectiveness.
   Critique the visual clarity of each

> 1. Any other advice or tips

Author: * These are all marked one, are they the same priority or were they mean to be different

Author: I see the note above for descending priority
